edit web servic section jump to navig search page notic you ar not log in your ip address will be publicli visibl if you make ani edit if you log in or creat an account your edit will be attribut to a user name among other benefit content that violat ani copyright will be delet encycloped content must be verifi work submit to wikipedia can be edit us and redistribut by anyon subject to certain term and condit anti spam check do not fill thi in regress test of web servic function and non function web servic test is done with the help of wsdl pars regress test is perform by identifi the chang made thereaft web servic regress test need can be categor in three differ wai name chang in wsdl chang in code and select re test of web servic oper we can captur the abov three need in three intermedi form of subset wsdl ref name swsdl name differ wsdl dwsdl unit wsdl uwsdl and reduc wsdl rwsdl respect these three subset wsdl ar then combin to form combin wsdl cwsdl that is further us for regress test of the web servic thi will help in autom web servic chang manag ref name awscm by perform the select of the relev test case to construct a reduc test suit from the old test suit ref cite doi mesoca ref edit summari briefli describ your chang by click the save page button you agre to the term of us and you irrevoc agre to releas your contribut under the cc by sa licens and the gfdl with the understand that a hyperlink or url is suffici for cc by sa attribut cancel edit help open in new window copi and past cite your sourc ref ref categori redirect nbsp s s sup sup sub sub code code pre pre blockquot blockquot ref ref ref name reflist refer includeonli includeonli noinclud noinclud defaultsort nowiki nowiki span class plainlink span symbol latin a a á á â â ä ä ? ? b b c c ? ? ? ? ç ç d d ? ? ? ? e e é é ë ë ? ? ? ? f f g g h h i i í í î î j j k k l l ? ? m m n n ? ? ? ? o o ó ó ô ô ö ö ? ? p p q q r r ? ? ? ? s s ? ? ß t t ? ? u u ú ú ü ü ? ? ? ? v v w w x x y y ý ý z z ß unicod greek polyton cyril ipa t d ç ipa thi page is a member of hidden categori help categori all articl with unsourc statementscategori articl with unsourc statement from august categori common categori without a link on wikidata retriev from http en wikipedia org wiki web servic navig menu person tool creat accountlog in namespac articletalk variant view readeditview histori more search navig main pagecontentsfeatur contentcurr eventsrandom articledon to wikipediawikipedia store interact helpabout wikipediacommun portalrec changescontact page tool what link hererel changesupload filespeci pagespag informationwikidata item languag privaci policyabout wikipediadisclaimerscontact wikipediadevelopersmobil view
