edit fastcgi section jump to navig search page notic you ar not log in your ip address will be publicli visibl if you make ani edit if you log in or creat an account your edit will be attribut to a user name among other benefit content that violat ani copyright will be delet encycloped content must be verifi work submit to wikipedia can be edit us and redistribut by anyon subject to certain term and condit anti spam check do not fill thi in implement detail instead of creat a new process for each request fastcgi us persist process to handl a seri of request these process ar own by the fastcgi server not the web server ref name fastcgi specif cite web url http www fastcgi com drupal node q node titl fastcgi specif year publish open market inc ref to servic an incom request the web server send environ variabl environ inform and the page request itself to a fastcgi process over a unix domain socket socket in the case of local fastcgi process on the web server or transport control protocol tcp connect for remot fastcgi process in a server farm respons ar return from the process to the web server over the same connect and the web server subsequ deliv that respons to the end user the connect mai be close at the end of a respons but both the web server and the fastcgi servic process persist ref name fastcgiwhitepap cite web url http www fastcgi com drupal node q node titl fastcgi a high perform web server interfac author year work publish open market inc accessd octob ref each individu fastcgi process can handl mani request over it lifetim therebi avoid the overhead of per request process creation and termin process of multipl request simultan can be achiev in sever wai by us a singl connect with intern multiplex i e multipl request over a singl connect by us multipl connect or by a combin of these techniqu multipl fastcgi server can be configur increas stabil and scalabl web site administr and programm can find that the separ of web applic from the web server in fastcgi ha mani advantag over embed interpret mod perl mod php etc thi separ allow server and applic process to be restart independ ndash an import consider for busi web site it also enabl the implement of per applic host servic secur polici which is an import requir for isp and web host compani ref name linuxjournalfastcgireview cite web url http www linuxjourn com articl titl fastcgi persist applic for your web server author paul heinlein date novemb work publish linux journal accessd octob ref differ type of incom request can be distribut to specif fastcgi server which have been equip to handl those particular type of request effici edit summari briefli describ your chang by click the save page button you agre to the term of us and you irrevoc agre to releas your contribut under the cc by sa licens and the gfdl with the understand that a hyperlink or url is suffici for cc by sa attribut cancel edit help open in new window copi and past cite your sourc ref ref categori redirect nbsp s s sup sup sub sub code code pre pre blockquot blockquot ref ref ref name reflist refer includeonli includeonli noinclud noinclud defaultsort nowiki nowiki span class plainlink span symbol latin a a á á â â ä ä ? ? b b c c ? ? ? ? ç ç d d ? ? ? ? e e é é ë ë ? ? ? ? f f g g h h i i í í î î j j k k l l ? ? m m n n ? ? ? ? o o ó ó ô ô ö ö ? ? p p q q r r ? ? ? ? s s ? ? ß t t ? ? u u ú ú ü ü ? ? ? ? v v w w x x y y ý ý z z ß unicod greek polyton cyril ipa t d ç ipa thi page is a member of hidden categori help categori all articl lack in text citationscategori all articl with dead extern linkscategori articl lack in text citat from june categori articl with dead extern link from octob retriev from http en wikipedia org wiki fastcgi navig menu person tool creat accountlog in namespac articletalk variant view readeditview histori more search navig main pagecontentsfeatur contentcurr eventsrandom articledon to wikipediawikipedia store interact helpabout wikipediacommun portalrec changescontact page tool what link hererel changesupload filespeci pagespag informationwikidata item languag privaci policyabout wikipediadisclaimerscontact wikipediadevelopersmobil view
