edit web contain section jump to navig search page notic you ar not log in your ip address will be publicli visibl if you make ani edit if you log in or creat an account your edit will be attribut to a user name among other benefit content that violat ani copyright will be delet encycloped content must be verifi work submit to wikipedia can be edit us and redistribut by anyon subject to certain term and condit anti spam check do not fill thi in non commerci web contain apach tomcat formerli jakarta tomcat is an open sourc web contain avail under the apach softwar licens apach geronimo is a full java ee implement by apach glassfish open sourc from oracl corpor oracl jboss applic server open sourc is a full java ee implement by red hat inc divis jboss jetti web server jetti is open sourc from the eclips foundat also support spdy and websocket protocol jaminid contain a higher abstract than servlet enhydra server enhydra winston servlet contain winston support specif v as of ha a focu on minim configur and the abil to strip the contain down to onli what you need tini java web server tjw http sourceforg net project tjw small footprint modular design http www eclips org virgo eclips virgo provid modular osgi base web contain implement us embed apach tomcat tomcat and jetti web server jetti virgo is open sourc and avail under the eclips public licens edit summari briefli describ your chang by click the save page button you agre to the term of us and you irrevoc agre to releas your contribut under the cc by sa licens and the gfdl with the understand that a hyperlink or url is suffici for cc by sa attribut cancel edit help open in new window copi and past cite your sourc ref ref categori redirect nbsp s s sup sup sub sub code code pre pre blockquot blockquot ref ref ref name reflist refer includeonli includeonli noinclud noinclud defaultsort nowiki nowiki span class plainlink span symbol latin a a á á â â ä ä ? ? b b c c ? ? ? ? ç ç d d ? ? ? ? e e é é ë ë ? ? ? ? f f g g h h i i í í î î j j k k l l ? ? m m n n ? ? ? ? o o ó ó ô ô ö ö ? ? p p q q r r ? ? ? ? s s ? ? ß t t ? ? u u ú ú ü ü ? ? ? ? v v w w x x y y ý ý z z ß unicod greek polyton cyril ipa t d ç ipa thi page is a member of hidden categori help categori all articl lack sourcescategori all stub articlescategori articl lack sourc from februari retriev from http en wikipedia org wiki web contain navig menu person tool creat accountlog in namespac articletalk variant view readeditview histori more search navig main pagecontentsfeatur contentcurr eventsrandom articledon to wikipediawikipedia store interact helpabout wikipediacommun portalrec changescontact page tool what link hererel changesupload filespeci pagespag informationwikidata item languag privaci policyabout wikipediadisclaimerscontact wikipediadevelopersmobil view
